CSS styling overrides - Revised with text section. (#23)
pupilfirst/web-development-101-script: basic-introduction-html-css/css-styling-overrides/README.md

# Text
We already know that, in any HTML project, there are three different places where we can write our CSS rules:
1. along with the HTML elements, as inline styles
2. inside HTML `HEAD`, using the `<style>` tag, as internal stylesheet
3. by creating an external CSS file and later linking it with the HTML using the `link` tag.

Now the question is, what if we define different CSS rules for a single HTML element, in all of these three places? Then which one would be applied and finally visible in browser? Let's find out.

# Script

Hey there, in this lesson we will learn two very key concepts of CSS - the concept of Order and Inheritance.

### Cascading order

> The term **cascading** means hierarchical order in which different stylesheet types interact when two styles come into conflict. The conflict occurs when two different styles are applied to the same element.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The term **cascading** means hierarchical order in which different style sheet types interact when two styles come into conflict. The conflict occurs when two different styles are applied to the same element.
```

          font-weight: normal;
        }
      </style>
    </head>
    <body>
      <p id="testid" class="example">
        Hey we're learning CSS priorities.
      </p>
    </body>
  </html>
````

> Action: Show the output on browser
As we can see, the **Class** was placed after the **ID**, but the **ID** still takes precedence.

##### Let’s see another example of overriding CSS style with the Class selector:

> Action: Open VS Code
````
  <html>
    <head>
      <style>
        #testid {
          color: #777777;
          font-style: normal;
          background-color: lightgreen;
        }
        .example {
          display: block;
          color: whitesmoke;
          font-style: italic;
          background-color: lightblue;
          padding: 20px;
        }
      </style>
    </head>
    <body>
      <div id="testid">
        <span class="example">
          Hey we're learning CSS priorities.
        </span>
      </div>
    </body>
  </html>
````

Here, the **Class** selector overrode the **ID** selector, because it was the last used one. An **ID** selector only takes precedence over a **Class** selector if they are both used in the same element.

> #### The use of **important!**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### The use of **!important**
```
